grep: add line numbers on search (#4599)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/grep.md

> - Search for a pattern recursively in the current directory, ignoring non-text files:

Reviewer: We use this format to explain which argument applies each behavior in the command.
```suggestion
- Search for a pattern [R]ecursively in the current directory, showing matching line [n]umbers, [I]gnoring non-text files:
```

Author: Thanks!
